February 28, 2022

Went to meditation yesterday. It was good. Its kind of difficult to sit still an hour but afterwards its definitely worth it. I think I may have mentioned it before but I kind of feel like "molassus in January" afterwards.

Also I did some meditation in the morning today. I counted my breathe pretty well...at least better than I had been a year or so ago. I'm going to try to set aside 45 minutes in the morning and evening for this rather than having micro sessions.

Continued to listen to Urban Dharma. I think that's one of my favorite podcasts.



February 24, 2022

Nightmares every night.


February 6, 2022

Went to the Y today.

Been listening alot to Rev. Kusala's podcast.

Randomly, I thought of writing a book: "The Monks of Shasta Abbey". They didn't have any Google Analytics on their website.

It was a nice sunny day two days in a row.


January 17, 2022

Stayed with my breathe a whole 5 minutes.

Going to find my own path.

I asked dad if he was awake yesterday, no answer.

It was cloudy out but I saw a good bit of sun in the mirror.


January 16, 2022

Today was a very unusual day. I just had to journal about it.

I had so much vivacity today.

Instead of getting annoyed with my nephew, I enjoyed his antics

I wanted to play ping pong with my other nephew.

I also enjoyed listening to music a lot while walking.

Here are some things I did differently:

Started my day with some walking.

Had more than my usual bit of caffeine, consumed: 3/4 Cup of tea, 2 Cup of coffee with a 1 TSP coffee crystals and 1 Cup of 20 G Protein Soy milk

Took a centrum with immune support.

Didn't eat too much so far.

Played a video game.

Listened to music.

Played with my nephew.

Asked my dad if he was awake.


January 12, 2022

NIS ended but it was a great streak. I kept at it for almost a year. It would have continued had it not been for UHC. Give yourself credit and a pat on the back.

My brother-in-law fixed the check engine sign on our car. That was really nice of him.

I reached out to PMC to see if I can find a teacher.

Dropped off the badge and laptop to UPS. Its getting easier seems like.

Its supposed to snow on Sunday.

I'm feeling better today now that I'm doing stuff for Fred. He wrote a great project description. It should help alot.

168.5


January 4, 2022

Going to go back and work for NYGB and Fred. It is a pain dealing with United.

Got my shot today

Everybody is dropping off goodies and its ruining my diet.

My new Mac mini is running pretty well. I got the model with 16 GB of RAM.

Can't wait for my power adapter for my speakers. They are really old speakers.

When I meditate different thoughts pop into my mind. I realize they break my meditation and they are there because of my thoughts, speech and actions. I do feel like I have improved some. I feel like I have some control over my meditation session. Before I used to sit there and my thoughts would be monkey mind, but lately I have been able to discipline myself more. Sometimes, when a thought comes I don't even realize I've drifted until I get so caught up in the thought. Lately I have been catching myself in about 30-60 seconds sometimes less. I don't think its more than that.

My apple keyboard came by courier today. I was in a meeting.

I've made a very intricate schedule for myself for what happens after the 7th. I wonder how much I'll stick to it. I made some mini-tests for myself and I had followed through with my schedule.


December 31, 2021

Meditated for an hour today. I told myself if I did that, I would pursue that life in the New Year.

Looks like I'll be able to do that after the 7th.

I'm wondering how much time I should actually devote to that life. I like to work and pursue my interests too. I guess the Middle Path should be followed.

Its been very cloudy and dreary for the past couple of days.

Need a sunny day.


December 25, 2021

Instead of killing a bug I freed it outside. This is the second bug I saved.

I eat chicken noodle soup though.

Upgraded to Monterey

I think my database reduction ticket will work out. Keeping fingers crossed.

My Eve Room is working. Its showing a different temperature than my Accurite thermometer.

I cleaned the bathroom today, also did a lot of dusting. It felt pretty good afterward. Got some exercise too.

Its almost time for my shot. I hope Reenie's gift comes in time.

I'm feeling pretty good right now.


December 18, 2021

Today instead of killing a bug I freed it outside.

Feel better about my ticket. Ashraf found a good patch for me.

Monday I am going to meet with Elana.

Started keeping a calorie journal.



December 4, 2021

Got a real bad case of the flu. I took PTO for two days of work. I am planning on returning Monday.

Bought a VGA switch so I can easily use one monitor for my work computer.

Bought a simple mixer so I don't have to hook/unhook 3.5mm sound cables.

Bought a tablet for mom on Black Friday. The delivery date is January 20.

My sister bought me two donuts since I did well on my exam. That was nice of her.

Did well on my final. Look like I'll have enough for the grade I need to get credit.

Overcast day her in the Northeast.


November 11, 2021

Today is Veterans Day. I wished Bert a happy Veteran's Day.

Thought I was going to study Text Information Systems today, but instead, I worked some on my website.

I am going to take a holiday tomorrow. I hope that Search API Attachments ticket doesn't fail.

Monday through Wednesday was pretty sunny. I went walking everyday at noon.

I don't feel too well today. I wonder if its because I have too many layers on.

Just had a cup of hot chocolate.



October 24, 2021

Not much news.

The midterm was difficult for Text Information Systems.

I created a recommender system for class. I got stuck on creating the Chrome extension but managed to get unstuck.

Work is going alright. One of my tickets got pulled from the release. I think I found out what was wrong with it though.

165.5


October 3, 2021

Moving plans got cancelled.

Bought a new mattress.

Mom has been real sick lately.

Got my flu shot from Giant.

Our team got smaller at work. Still have a lot to learn even though its been seven months.

Back to Lex today

Going to make breakfast for dinner tonight. The Beyond Meat sausage patties were less than great.

Things have been quite without my nephew.

169.5


September 19, 2021

I saw a deformed face of a person on Facebook today. I think they had been the victim of an acid attack. They were holding up a small white flower saying it was their birthday.

I thought about it again tonite listening to music and I started crying.

I feel better now. It makes me feel like any sadness in my life is unjustified considering all the good things in it.

Sometimes I cry for the animals in the labs too. I saw the end of a Nova PBS show about that. I need to find that DVD.

I usually don't cry but it feels good in a way. I don't know; I feel like I have some kind of bond with them.


September 18, 2021

The shrub will be uprooted and planted elsewhere. Not the first time this has happened.

Got a 100 on my quiz.

Got my Solr 7 index is running. Gonna have to make a purger for my next ticket.

The government is spying on me. FOR REAL lol.

Got some additional subscriptions in September. Got some sinus difficulty right now.

I thought my Mac had deleted all my music. I found it again by turning on Sync.

Had my 6 month work anniversary September 1. That's awesome.

Planning to go to Omni in person again after more than a year.

Its been 3 weeks without Lex. I think I'm adjusted now.

Got my tuition reimbursement from work. I put it all in savings.

Getting bored.


September 5, 2021

My move-in date got delayed.

Feeling irritable today.

Yesterday I ate eggs.

CS 410 is difficult.

Sent Fai and Mona a thank you card and photo for raksha bandhan.

Was listening to Breakaway by Kelly Clarkson

Found a neat song by Jewel but forgot the title.

I thought it would be neat to make it a vacation to go drive on the Autobahn.

Dusted my furniture. Still need to do it again.


August 29, 2021

Moving has been delayed.

Started making an inventory of things I own. When I saw all the things I had forgotten about, it made me want to use them again.

Got a 100% on my Quiz 1 and MP1.

I decided I'm not going to give up my stereo or alot of the things I own. I still had joy knowing I had them but I do need to get more organized so I don't forget about them.

My wisdom tooth is bothering me. Just one of them.

Marie Kondo sounded like a salesperson in the intro of "Tidying Up". I decided not to buy the book then.

I'm kind of curious about Our Town though. I think that's the name of the book Katelyn was talking about.

167


August 22, 2021

Going to be moving soon.

Celebrated Raksha Bandhan.

Printed some photos of the rahkhris to send to my sisters as a thank you gift.

Meditation makes me like molassus in January or like a snake in a piece of hollow bamboo. I do a loving kindness meditation to kick things off. I feel calm right now.

167


August 8, 2021

Wished my uncle a happy birthday.

Will be living in a different place soon. Hopefully it will be quieter.

Got an 'A' on my CS 416 Data Visualization final. I liked learning about the D3 JavaScript library.

Stuck in a room right now.

Getting mail at my Anytime Mailbox address. That's the address I have listed on my nonprofit applications.

167


August 1, 2021

Going to move into my new place Sept 7.

Not sure if I should bring stereo equipment, coloring stuff, etc so that I can focus on meditation.

Had gotten into a disagreement with family. I tried to be assertive.

Things are quiet right now.

Been reading Beyond Mindfulness in Plain English by Bhante Gunaratena (sp.)

Things are still uncertain for my October 1 shot.

We've been having some really nice weather. It was a real joy to go pick up mail yesterday.

I colored today

167


July 24, 2021

Getting ready for my Data Visualization final. I think I have an A right now.

Been spending time with my nephew and sister.

Things are quiet right now on the weekend here.

My cousin and aunt brought over alot of toys and baby things for my nephew. That was really nice of them.

Not sure what to do about house. I feel like its kind of late to do anything

Drinking some soy milk right now. The Nature's Promise brand is pretty good. Silk lost me as a customer.

Going to try to get into coloring again and music. Haha

166


July 17, 2021

Ami closed on their house yesterday.

Met my nephews and brother-in-law for the first time.

Worked today to fix media.

I hope I can get a good grade in Data Visualization.

Still using my hot cocoa maker.

Things are kind of quiet now that they're gone.

167


July 11, 2021

We're already 1/3 through July. In a couple of days, the summer quarter will be half over.

Worked alot of my narrative visualization. I incorporated into my blog.

Ami and her family will be here tomorrow.

Trying to focus more on my meditation.

It seems like sitting at the computer and hunger pangs and positively correlated, at least from my experience.

I enjoyed speaking with Elana.

May be I should take up coloring.

I had this theory that the more still you are, the easier is it for disturbance to pass through you without causing irriation. Kinda like light passing through a glass of water.

164


July 3, 2021

Ami moving here is imminent.

Got a 99% on my Tableau assignment.

The D3 assignment was difficult.

I wonder if I'll be able to update core. I'm in dependency hell.

Got a haircut today.

Cleaned the bathroom with bleach too.

The summer is bearable with the booster fan.


June 27, 2021

My sister really is moving down the street with her family.

She is going to be living with us for a week until closing.

I'm never going to make it outside the house.

Summer officially started a week ago.

I need to get some exercise into my routine.

I made a bunch of hobbies in my reminders list.

Work is going good. We're going to be busy deploying in July.

Submitted paperwork to have my nonprofit incorporated in PA.

Its been more bearable in the summer with the booster fan.

Things are quiet right now.


June 13, 2021

My sister is planning on moving to Lansdale.

Felt bad after I had lemon cookies and pizza at night.

The temperature has been mild lately.

Got two books about mildfulness, one of them a journal book.

Apple is finally embracing Hi-Res audio. About time.

Switzerland was on my mind last night.

162.5


June 5, 2021

Family came over today.

Got to get my code ready for deployment for work.

My sister and her family is planning to move closer.

They are resurfacing our road. We had some rainy weather which delayed things.

Language can get in the way.

Who can be still 'till their muddy water clears?


May 29, 2021

It's Memorial Day weekend. My first paid holiday. I wonder how much vacation I have accumulated.

So far my Breville hot cocoa maker is still working. It didn't work too well when I added sugar but with the Ghiradelli Double Chocolate mix it works pretty good. I like that one because the ingredients are simple.

Gave a demo of some of the work I did. It went pretty good.

Data Visualization is harder than I expected. The lectures are pretty good.

We have record low temparatures here in PA (mid 40s).

The association is resurfacing our roads.

Been meeting with Elana. She was grouchy last week.

Going to try to do some indoor walking tomorrow. I think I'll join the center if I go three weekends in a row so that I can do the weight room.

My sister and nephew may be visiting soon.

160.0


May 8, 2021

Spring weather has been in the mild 60s.

Work has been kind of stressful of late. Finished one ticket, need to deliver another one soon.

We're having Indian food for dinner tonight (sabu dahna ne kichadee).

Didn't like the Impossible Burger I made at home. My favorite is the Beyond Burger. Their packaging is wasteful though.

Still meditating.

Got my Breville Milk Cafe in the mail. Sajad said his Breville didn't last that long.

Going to try to call Ferdad soon.

Tuesday I get my second shot for the Covid vaccine made by Pfizer.

Can't complain.


May 2, 2021

Working is going alright but kind of stressful.

Started meeting with Elana again. It was sad to say goodbye to Sam.

The weather was pretty hot last week but has cooled down.

Facetimed with my nephew yesterday.


April 17, 2021

Submitted my first pull request at my new job. I hope it doesn't break anything. I've heard humorously that your new job isn't real until you break prod your first week.

My new glasses came in the mail today from EyeBuyDirect. I'm very pleased with the quality and aesthetics. Glasses used to be so expensive.

Making pizza today from scratch.

Going to get my first Covid shot on Tuesday.


April 9, 2021

Passed my background check.

Been at my new full-time job for more than a month now.

Still not sure about buying a house.

How many times am I going to say that?

It's a gift from God. Lemonade.


February 21, 2021

Purchased a second monitor for the upstairs computer. Hopefully that will make it easier to work.

Going to attend a Mindfullness and Covid Zoom session.

Still waiting to hear about the results of the background check.

Took off the cover for the smartphone.

Still waiting to hear about the results of my bloodwork.

It has snowed alot the past couple weeks and it has been cold.

Went for a walk today in the morning when it was 20 degrees.


February 14, 2021

A couple of days ago it had snowed alot over night. In the morning everything was soo quiet. It felt so good.

Yesterday, I had a good meditation session. I was able to focus on my breathe for a good bit of my session. It felt really pleasant, for real. Towards the end I thought I was getting toward another stage, believe it. I tried to repeat the experience this morning but, alas, it didn't work.

In the end, nobody else can go with you.



February 7, 2021

Still haven't heard anything about my job. My income is off to a rocky start this year.

Was trying to find a domain for my quotes site but then thought I would just make a subdomain out pmagunia.com.

I still want to have a lot of userful information for r-data. Other people might find it useful still.

Haven't gotten out of the house in awhile.

I felt good when I exercised today shovelling snow. Mom is really an amazing person.

Am waiting on getting graded for my guitar couse on coursera.

I feel a lot better now that I went out and exercised!


January 31, 2021

Filed my federal taxes. Forgot to make a copy of my local taxes before I send it away

Still haven't heard anything from my work about when to start.

My neighbor was looking in my direction.

Been trying to work and keep a similar schedule to working full-time.


January 27, 2021

One thing I've noticed about myself is that since I've almost gotten my new job, my tolerance towards others has decreased. Daniel, parents.


January 24, 2021

Went to downtown Philly to have my fingerprints taken for my job. Haven't heard anything about the IRS job in awhile.

Fred sent some work.

Bought a looper pedal for my guitar. Been practicing JP Lullabye and Blue Guitar Blues. I'm hoping I'll have something I can turn in soon.

There was a virus in TeamCity software which is the same company that makes PHP Storm. Not sure what to do aboutmy local computer. I started formatting the hard drive but then restored it. At night when it was dark I heard the Swoosh of the Mac mini as it reboot.

I had eggs for dinner today.

Not sure whether I want to buy my own house. I have to pass that background check first.

Its been kind of sunny the past month. Not your typical super dreary January.



January 17, 2020

Filled out a background check with the federal governement. It was painful. If I don't pass, I'm going to be disappointed.

I'm walking 15 minutes after dinner inside and also go for walks in the morning outside.

I think I'm burned out for my website. Sam was warning me about that.

My stamps still haven't come in yet. Looks like my pedal is delayed too.

Gail didn't reply for my request to use her as a reference. Pete said it was OK.

Its unfortunate how things from long past can bubble up and disturb us. My mood deteriorated after I remembered I got that legal notice when I put something for sale on Amazon.

There is no never-ending fountain.


January 10, 2020

Still haven't heard anything from Nationwide IT. I will get in touch with them if I don't hear anything by the 23 which would be the one month marker.

Waking up everyday at 6:30 AM. Its not that bad.

Made a lot of progress on my website. Right now I can't get that loader to disappear at just the right time.

I think I am learning towards getting a house. I saw a Toll Brothers house it looked really nice.


January 2, 2021

Still waiting for my background check to be completed. I think its going to take some time to complete.

I remembered when I saw that couple at Aman's in Chalfont. I need to work on my Pro's and Con's list. How does that feeling compare to my website and the intense desire I have to work on it? I forget everything else when I am working on it.


December 25, 2020

I opened my Node 2i. It sounds good. I played some Amazon Music.

Do I want to buy a house? I should go to that Google Sheet to figure it out. May be I should get an apartment first.

Going to the Google Sheet now.


December 20, 2020

Accepted a job offer for Nationwide IT Services. Be proud of yourself Parag. Stop and smell the roses.

My neighbor shovelled our driveway. That was so nice of her. I will have to return the favor.

We need to get a new shovel.

Got the BlueSound Node 2i. Going to open it on Christmas.


December 11, 2020

Had an interview with Nationwide IT Services today. It was a second interview.

I didn't know I would have to turn on my camera but we had a good laugh about it.

I feel like I had built repoire with them. Willy seemed really nice and so did Laurie.

I hope I get to join them.

I feel uncomfortable about it right now. I keep replaying it in my mind. I thought it ended on a bad note since I thought I had ended it prematurely and didn't say good bye in a good way.

Remember I would trade everything for liberation.


December 10, 2020

Got a recruiter appointment at 4 PM today.

Got two second interviews coming up, one tomorrow.

Its a nice sunny day today. I feel good


December 6, 2020

Finished the group project for Software Engineering.

I think Linked In restricted my account. That's absurd. It caused me alot of grief.

Yesterday was a terrible day.

Last week I had a good meditation session. I forgot to write that down.

I have to remember to exercise after lunch.

Today I am going to try not to eat anything after 12 PM.

I think I'm overheating. Got to take off a layer.


November 30, 2020

We had Thanksgiving as a family. It was great!

Took a photo of mom and dad with my iphone.


November 22, 2020

I'm not sure I used my hand to pluck the guitar strings before changing the bridge and bridge pins so a lot of effort was lost. I still have a lower action so that is good. I hope I don't get any fret buzz. I still have that guitar shim if I do I guess.

Katie is not celebrating Thanksgiving much so I don't feel so bad.

Dad has been getting tired very easily. He uses his oxygen concentrator that Mitubhai gave him alot.

My measure stayed the same so that is good.

Group project is almost done.

Found a course I wanted to take for the Spring called Interactive Computer Graphics. Going to attend the Webinar to see what its about and how difficult it is.

Mom suggested we buy a phone for Ami but she said 'no, she already has one'. That was nice of her.


November 15, 2020

My Picostat site got approved to show ads!

I feel bad for mom.

Its a gloomy day today. Better lay off the computer.


November 12, 2020

I feel so bad for letting mom go to Spaniel's for the car. It really burns me up inside.

I'm planning to get mom a new iPhone 12 Pro for Christmas on black friday.

Listening to Sennheiser headphones with my Qutest.

The other Sam seemed nice.

Mark seems very to-the-point. We've been writing for a couple of days.


November 8, 2020

Re-activated my Pinterest account.

I'm stuck in a weight loss plateau.

Had bad insomnia last night but still woke up at 8 AM this morning.

I hate this group project.


November 2, 2020

This class project for software engineering is causing me a lot of stress. I hope I can find my way through the code.

Met with Jordan a couple of times on Zoom. He seems like he's friendly.

I've been eating two meals a day. It seems to be working out.

Tomorrow I have to go and get my shot. I think its on the right side.

My back is a lot better. Not 100%, but better.


October 25, 2020

More people have been responsive in the Team Project. Gaurav seems to be our team leader. I think I got some easy use cases.

Have an appointment with my doctor tomorrow.

Ami delivered her baby. She didn't even call us to tell us.



October 23, 2020

I've been feeling kind of flat. Stopped the morning routine September 22.

Anyways my back is much better now, but I feel like I don't have much motivation. Feel like a jellyfish instead of a porpoise. I started creating a video of what my guitar sounds like before and after a new bone saddle and nut but my heart wasn't in it.

I don't have much interest in my website or career which used to be big motivators for me.

I'm sleeping alot like 12 hours a day and could sleep more.

I hope writing about my experience now will help me in the future.

I created a Google Sheet which summed up my pros and cons.

Today's meditation session was alright. There was a moment when I was able to stay focused and not go into monkey mind. It was a single moment but I stayed on the right path.


October 22, 2020

I had a good meditation session today after my shower.

Wrote a mixed-review for Mid-atlantic service corporation.

I do better on an emtpty stomach.

I thought about putting aside my search and focusing on enlightenment.


October 18, 2020

I hate this group project for class.

I liked the Happier video that Sam was talking about.

Have a lot of back pain. Went to Dr Gaibler and he gave me prescription strengh ibuprofin.

Going to skip halloween again this year. My Pinterest account has been closed for sometime.

Got my AudioEngine N22 in the mail. It works.

I wrote Isha. Mom wasn't going to tell me she called.


October 11, 2020

My Audioengine N22 got delivered today. I can now listen to my headphones with the Qutest.

I don't think dad has that much longer. Mitubhai sent an oxygen machine.

Listening to my Sennheiser HD660S. It sounds good. The HD Tracks and Chesky Records samplers are pretty good. I wish all music was recorded like that.

I was about to signup for the Introduction to Meditation at the Insight Meditation Society but I'm skeptical because they are asking for money.

Its so hard to find a teacher.

I need to refine my schedule.

Published on North Penn Networks and my blog that I help Nonprofits for free. I'm hoping I will be able to make some connections in the community this way and help out some good causes at the same time.

I liked meditating today. I felt a sense of peace.

I want to live a simple life but I'm buying all this audio equipment.

Selena Gomez is playing right now (I'd Go Back To You).


October 4, 2020

Got my Qutest in the mail yesterday. It sounds pretty good. A lot better than my microStreamer. Some tracks that weren't fun to listen to are now a pleasure.

I didn't have a good meditation session in the afternoon today. Too much noise.

I woke up at 4 AM today.

My sinuses aren't hurting too much lately, that's good.

I submitted an application to Adsense to display Ads on my blog. I imported a bunch of pages from Picostat. Who knows what fault Google will find this time. I hope I get approved. The site generator is Jekyll.



October 2, 2020

The car battery died. Had to make so many Uber trips to get it up and running again. Dad untightened the stuck screw. He's really good with his hands and good at fixing things.

Mom and I made brownies.

Ordered an $1800 DAC. Now I'm homeless.

Put a lot away in savings. I think that's one reason I decided to splurge.

I don't know what to do about buying a house.

I told someone I went to the park at some random time. I think she was flustered. My thoughts go everywhere. Never happy with a good thing. Have to have better.

I did wake up at 5 AM today and I meditated for 20 minutes. Then I meditated again at noon.

I think the spiritual life is the only thing that will make me happy in the long run.


September 20, 2020

Still planning on buying a house next year.

My ES 1040 Payment still hasn't been received. Its taking forever. It was alot of money.

Started working for Accruent again.

Shipping back my Chord Mojo. Keeping the battery charged is too much of a pain.

Its a nice sunny day today. I dusted my computer desks.

Its quiet outside today.


September 13, 2020

One important realization I had was that I haven't changed. Think of all the times I hid/unhid my Pinterest page.

I have a feeling my relationship with my sister is going to fall apart once they pass away.

Been exercising by walking 15 minutes indoors carrying 15 pounds. I feel alot better afterwards.

I guess I have to get a colonoscopy next year since I turn 45.



September 6, 2020

Class started. Looks like its going to be a difficult semester.

I went without debating for something like two weeks.

Sometimes when I see someone beautiful walking outside I feel something. May be regret?

Do I want to get a house? I haven't been able to answer that question but I am working towards it.



July 5, 2020

I created a profile on Shaadi.com. I'm still not sure I want to go in that direction. Make a Pros and Cons list.


June 13, 2020

Yesterday I went to pull weeds in the front yard.

Sam should be back soon.

My sister is pregnant. Haven't called her.

Talk to mom nearly everyday.

Got a 50/50 on my first task for cloud capstone class. Don't want to work on the next assignment.

Been very quiet at work.

Still meditating.

The weather has been really nice.

Want to buy a house? I can't make up my mind.

Need to update my Illinois webpage.



May 31, 2020

I wanted to write about the positive things I am doing and the good things I do since I have a habit of forgetting those:


- Lost a lot of weight and have kept it off

- Lot of education and work accomplishments

- Meditate every day

- Pay taxes

- Have a good credit score

- Take care of the house

- Have a good relationship with my parents

- Have a job
- Juice fruits and vegetables

- Cook for my dad

- Take care of the things I own

- Wake up early




May 27, 2020

Been getting back into the routine of meditating. Today's meditation was nice though I didn't want to sit down initially. After I got started it was pleasant being inside my body. The cool fan was blowing. No pain. It was pleasant.

Been working on websites. Trying to get a blue theme for one of them.

Pulled some weeds Monday. My doctor said to get 30 minutes of sunshine, 5 days a week. I think the window blocks out healthy light.

Restored my computer from a backup.


May 17, 2020

One of my money transfers bounced and its been a big headache getting everything back to normal. I started meditating once a day again and taking a bath at 12 PM. Not meditating in the evening though.

What do I want out of life? Remember to be reserved in social situations. Remember to keep a holiness with yourself when you are alone.


May 9, 2020

Not following my schedule as religiously during off hours. I'm not going for my walks either. I don't know why I've have the change of heart. I thought about dropping out of school after this semester but I think I want to continue now. I hope the Cloud Computing Capstone will not be difficult but I suspect it will be. Dad and I are going to have pizza today. Mom is stuck in India. Ami calls more often. It's a nice sunny day here today but I'm not going outside. Grocery shopping has become stressful with the masks and arrows. Katie was talking about how she likes cream of wheat. I found a water glass for my tables. Not sure what else to say.


April 25, 2020

I don't know if I should buy a house. Thought about trying to finish my degree early. Living around here would be expensive. I need a remote job. Do I want to move out of Pennsylvania? That certainly would open up possibilities. Got a call from a recruiter about interviewing with Apple but turned it down since I would have to move to Austin. May be I could research some places I want to move. I could potentially finish my degree by Spring 2021 or Summer 2021.


April 12, 2020

COVID-19 is still going on.

The weather has been in 50s mostly.

I've decided to give up on yoga and go walking every morning.

I woke up before dawn today. I think having 2 cups of chai helped me out.

The website is looking better. Tested it out on IE. Since Microsoft provides development tools for free it saved me the money of buying a copy of Windows 12 to test out my website.


April 4, 2020

Got two interviews coming up.

Dominos made our pizza good this time.

The tree is in bloom outside.


March 29, 2020

The virus is really disrupting life for a lot of people.

Went for a walk on Saturday. I think I might see her on my neighborhood walks one of these days.

Had a bad dream one of my high school classmates was taking something away from me.

I got pre-approved for a Mortgage by HVB.

Made pizza in my 14" cast iron pan.


March 21, 2020

Still want to get my own place with a minimalist theme. I did apply for home loans at Univest and HVB.

Got an A+ right now in Cloud Computing Applications.

Meditating 2x a day and trying to work yoga into the practice.

The coronavirus pandemic is terrible for a lot of people.

Planning to attend the beginner's yoga class at MontCRC when classes resume.

I might be able to graduate next year.


February 15, 2020

I saw someone at the YMCA. I wasn't sure it was them but thinking back I'm pretty sure. I'm planning to go back tomorrow, Sunday. I hope they will be there. I will definitely reach out to them.

What are the ramifications? Keep focused on your meditation.


January 26, 2020

Been going to the YMCA. Going to try to also go to PBA today.

Cloud Computing Applications class started, got my first project in done in Python.

Going to work on Katie's math problems on February 3.


January 9, 2020

Been going to the YMCA for meditation. Didn't get groceries yesterday. Today is a mostly sunny day. I really should get my lightbox out of the basement.


December 29, 2019

I made it to the YMCA today for meditation. I was happy I went. Learned to eat a Lifesaver mindfully. The instructor gave out candy and smiley faces.

When I went to BN, the other customer gazed at me for awhile, more than was comfortable, but when I got home it made me miss that moment.

I remember when that other person near Bethlehem Pike gave me a big smile, but when I saw they had no teeth, I'm sure I must have frowned. I feel bad about that.


December 25, 2019

I opened the Christmas today. Dad wished me a "Happy Christmas" and I got a call from my aunt to at 8 o'clock in the morning wishing me a Merry Christmas. It was sunny in the beginning of the day but it looks like we have some cirrus clouds now. Not a white Christmas here on the East coast unfortunately. It's about 45 degrees outside. I'm setting up my homepod and imac right now. I hope the mac transfer ututility works. I don't want to reinstall everything. I went to see Sam yesterday. I gave her an Amazon gift card which I think she liked. I told her about family systems. It seems like a fascinating idea. I wished my friend a Merry Christmas by text message. He's doing well. I stopped drinking coffee in the afternoon and reduced my tea to half a cup. I think I feel calmer. I'm not going to bed earlier though. I tried to remember to not to "forget myself". Sam was drinking the tea I bought her for Christmas last year. She said she liked it which made me happy.


December 21, 2019

I made the best pizza from scratch ever. I outdid myself this time. Wah Parag Wah!


December 19, 2019

Did work for Fred today. The place I'm volunteering at is not letting me edit the website even though they mentioned I could during the interview.

I am going to meditate after I write in my journal. Just focus on meditation and work. Make meditation my priority. Even when things are good I need to make meditation my priority.

I need to exercise too. My legs get sore from sitting at the computer desk all day.

Feelings can be confusing.

I thought about getting an Uber to go to that meditation center every week.


December 16, 2019

My sister from New Orleans is visiting. She made lasagna yesterday. There was a lot of smoke because the sauce and cheese overflowed the pan. There was too much Italian seasoning. I don't think I like Italian seasoning at all. I wish there was more ricatta cheese. Oh well. She is leaving tomorrow morning.


December 10, 2019

Passed my final exam in computer networking. I think I should have an A- in the course. I'm 1/8 of the way to a degree. I didn't study at all or very little I should say. I shouldn't have done that. That really could have jeapordized my degree. ProctorU was a pain. For some reason they couldn't make out my ID in the webcam. I met all the hardware requirements. May be I should have gotten a better webcam instead. I thought to reward myself I would buy Logic Pro. I probably won't even use that software. Don't buy it Parag. I should reward myself somehow. I think I will get one of those Beyond Burgers out of the frozen.


December 5, 2019

Spent the last two days getting Recaptcha to work on a form with Lambda. When I made my breathrough, I was so happy.


December 3, 2019

Today my HomePod came in the mail via UPS. I'm going to wait until Christmas to open it.


November 30, 2019

Worked on a website quite a bit. Meditated for almost 40 minutes. Took care of all my chores. Got the grade I wanted to on my sample exam. I may skip studying. Wondering if I should quit the program. I don't want to study anymore. Got to make my schedule.

In other news, yesterday, I had an experience when meditating. When I focused more, I got dizzy for awhile then it was pleasant. It was like a wave that slowly soaked me from head to toe. Make meditation my "Why".


November 29, 2019

Adding some work to a content management system I created yesterday. It's very basic, but I couldn't find anything text-based that was simple enough to use. Day One started charging alot of money for their journaling software. Everything on iOS is out to make money. It's starts off as free then once they have enough users they start charging customers. That's how it was with Insight Timer. I used to love that app. Then they started charging even for the individual sounds.

See me dancing with the MLA?

See me dancing with the M.L.A?

Perhaps, it is a tightrope.


November 28, 2019

Today I registered a domain for my journal entries! I'm hoping that this site will be a scratchpad for me to sort through thoughts in my mind.


